---
title: "Cydes 2025"
date: 2025-07-02
categories: [Booth, Experience]
tags: [duck]
featured: true
---

As a student stepping into CYDES 2025 on its second day, I couldnt help but feel the pulse of Malaysia’s cyber ambitions come alive before my eyes. CYDES, short for Cyber Defence & Security Exhibition and Conference is in its 3rd edition unfolding from 1st to 3rd July 2025 at the Putrajaya International Convetion Centre (PICC)

At first, i was planning to come here as CTF Participant but unfortunately i was placed 13th in the qualifier.. (top 12 qualified). Very unfortunate for me but its okay, i'll try harder next Cydes! So i came just to pick stickers to fill at the back of my laptop and gain knownledge on new technologies in redteaming and blueteaming.

I had the chance to talk with chairmans and real company pentesters, i was very impressed by their knowledge! the way they explain things and story their experience ignited the spirit inside me to work harder toward my ambition in cybersecurity. I know these people wont remember me as i am just a normal student. But one day, i want them to recognize me for my talent and skills.

Lastly, CYDES 2025 was an electrifying hub of ideas, innovation, and connections. As a student, I left PICC buzzing with inspiration—confident that cybersecurity is more dynamic and accessible than I ever imagined. It has certainly solidified my interest in learning more, perhaps even joining the ranks of those building a safer digital world.